Wangu Hao pays homage to Lord Shen Chu
I heard that the original trillion-dollar project for the Galaxy Group
You gave it to the Xiao family
Please forgive me.
The subordinates feel that the Xiao family is more powerful
Maximize profits
Don't you know that this king has a grudge against the Xiao family?
subordinate
The Day After Tomorrow Business Summit
It is convenient for Galaxy Group to sign a contract
IWC
You remember me.
This king can put you in this position
It can also make you roll off at any time
Understand
Please have mercy
Get up and thank God for your kindness
Two years no see
Don't you have anything to say?
Disease Lord
My subordinates have investigated your mother's death in the past two years
It is related to Xiao Lingqing
You were built to cover up the truth
But the details have not yet been ascertained
The king wants to fight
Understand under the tree
Spiritual Lord, wait a moment
Go under the tree to deal with the project first
Ding Tan instructions
In front is the Tianzi brand that only accepts top bosses.
Is the president of the box in it?
Finally met the legendary big man
Come with me!
Please stop, this is the direction of the Tianzi
I can't wait